Cake Pops

Prep Time: 1 hr 30 minsTotal Time: 2 hrs Serves: 36-42, Yield: 36.0 pops
About This Recipe
"After sampling one of these little gems at Starbucks, I just had to make some of my own! They are so delicious, can be customized with numerous different flavor combinations, and can be decorated for any occasion. They're a bit of work, but so worth it."

Ingredients

1 (18 ounce) cake mix, desired flavor, prepared according to package
2 -3 eggs ( or whatever your package calls for)
1/3 cup oil ( or whatever your package calls for)
0.5 (16 ounce) cans frosting, any flavor, store bought
7 ounces white chocolate candy melts ( or any flavor you like)
candy sprinkles (optional)

Directions

Bake cake according to package and let cool.
Crumble entire cake in food processor, in batches if necessary, and empty into mixing bowl.
Mix in 1/2 can of store bought frosting or equal amount of homemade frosting until a dough forms (tends to be easiest by hand).
Scoop and form into one inch balls, easiest if using a small cookie scooper.
Melt Wilton Candy Melts according to package.
For each cake pop, first dip the very end of a lollipop stick into the melted candy coating and insert about half way into cake ball).
Chill uncoated cake pops for at least 1 hour.
Re-melt Wilton Candy Melts, and coat the cake pops one by one, dipping one side and turning to coat completely.
After coated, stand the cake pop up in the styrofoam block or shirt box and decorate with sprinkles before coating is set.
For a cute presentation, insert into lollipop treat bags and secure with a twistie tie or ribbon.
You can also decorate with drizzled chocolate or candy melts, in whatever color you choose.
Combination Ideas:.
- white cake mix with vanilla frosting, vanilla coating.


Directions

- chocolate cake mix with chocolate frosting, chocolate or peanut butter coating.
- pumpkin cake mix with vanilla frosting, vanilla or chocolate coating.
- spice cake mix with vanilla frosting, vanilla or chocolate coating.
- vanilla cake mix with mint extract, vanilla frosting, chocolate coating.
- blueberry muffin mix with vanilla frosting, vanilla coating.
- banana bread mix with vanilla frosting, vanilla coating.
- cinnamon coffee cake mix with vanilla frosting, vanilla coating with a dash of cinnamon.
- cheesecake (store bought or homemade) mixed in with graham cracker crust, dipped in chocolate.
- THE POSSIBILITIES ARE ENDLESS :).